Add huggingface-keras example notebook (#20)
cleanlab/examples: README.md

| 9   | [outlier_detection_cifar10](9_cifar10_outlier_detection/outlier_detection.ipynb)                                             | Train AutoML for image classification and use it to detect out-of-distribution images.                                                                                                 |
| 10  | [cifar10_multiannotator](10_cifar10_multiannotator/multiannotator_labels.ipynb)                                             | Iteratively improve consensus labels and trained classifier from data labeled by mulitple annotators.                                                            |
| 11  | [entity_recognition](11_entity_recognition/entity_recognition_training.ipynb)                                             | Train Transformer model  for Named Entity Recognition and produce out-of-sample `pred_probs` for cleanlab.token_classification.  

> | 12  | [huggingface_keras_classifier](12_huggingface_keras_classifier/huggingface_keras_classifier.ipynb)                                             | Train cleanlab-compatible Keras model with pretrained bert layer for finding label issues using `CleanLearning`.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 12  | [huggingface_keras_classifier](12_huggingface_keras_classifier/huggingface_keras_classifier.ipynb)                                             |  CleanLearning for text classification with Keras Model + pretrained BERT backbone and Tensorflow Dataset.
```
